[Music]
ten clever tips to avoid washing your
hair every day did you know that washing
your hair too frequently can cause more
harm than good
constant washing causes your sebaceous
glands to produce more fat and as a
result you're stuck in a vicious cycle
no worries
we prepared a list of tips that will
help you wash your hair less often and
still look gorgeous first watch your
diet to make your hair stay clean longer
remove any fatty or fried dishes from
your diet the same goes for sugar white
bread and canned foods replace them with
fruits and vegetables dairy lean meats
and nuts this will help reduce the
sebaceous glands activity secondly use
dry shampoos to conceal greasy shine
divide your hair into strands and apply
a dry shampoo to the roots like a hair
spray from a distance of eight to ten
inches
if the shampoo is like talcum powder
apply it to the roots directly wait for
10 minutes and then comb your hair dry
shampoos create a shell around the
greasy strands that for a time makes
your hair look clean third don't neglect
accessories if you have a fringe use a
headscarf to make new hairstyles all you
need to do is wash your fringe pin it up
and disguise it in some way a headscarf
looks good with collected or loose hair
they can also become a salvation for
those with short hairdos in addition you
can conceal greasy hair with various
hair pins or headbands with flowers
fourth pay attention to water
temperature when washing your hair use
warm or tepid water hot water increases
the amount of fat secreted by the skin
also after you've washed your hair it's
best to let it dry naturally try to
avoid a hairdryer as much as you can
fifth put your hair into braids any
braids do a good job of disguising
greasy hair roots to figure the weave
the better do a slight backcomb at the
crown to conceal the more visible part
of the unwashed hair make sure the braid
doesn't turn out smooth a small amount
of loose hair will help hide the
staleness
six comb your hair before bedtime once
you've settled on your pillow pull your
hair back to arrange it along the upper
edge of the pillow if your hair is long
enough make a ponytail or a loose braid
try and make this a habit and the
results will impress you 7 change your
parting switch your parting from one
side to the other or replace the parting
in the middle with a diagonal one the
reason is simple our hair gets used to
being arranged in a certain fashion
which leads to loss of volume at the
roots also it becomes dirtiest along the
parting line shift supporting to give
your hair volume a new look and
cleanliness 8 avoid flat hairdos try not
to give preference to smooth and sleek
hairstyles they make your hair look even
Messier and more greasy the best option
would be to slightly backcomb the hair
at the roots to get extra volume and
then secure it in a shell or a bun try
it out and let us know in the comments
what you think 9th wash your brushes
don't forget to clean your styling tools
regularly to prevent residues of skin
fat conditioner and styling substances
from gluing your hair together wash your
brushes and combs once a week in warm
water with shampoo or soap and don't
forget to change your brushes from time
to time and finally number 10 the right
way to wash your hair dry wet hair with
a t-shirt instead of a towel to smooth
your frizzy hair don't scrub your scalp
instead use your fingertips to gently
massage shampoo into your hair never
ever put conditioner directly on the
roots make sure it's only on your hair
wring out your hair before applying hair
conditioner it'll make the conditioner
more effective we hope our video has
been beneficial to you if so hit that
thumbs up button and if you're visiting
us for the first time click subscribe to
stay on the bright side of life